Manage AWS Spot interruptions (#586)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-25.1/tutorials/retry-strategy.md

### Use retry strategies for Spot Interruptions

#### Handle retries in Nextflow by setting `errorStrategy` and `maxRetries`

A simple generic retry strategy at the Nextflow level can be more appropriate where run times are sufficiently low that retries are likely to succeed. This can be configured as follows:

```bash
process {
   errorStrategy = 'retry'
   maxRetries = 3 
}
```

This example configuration will apply to all types of job failure. Because Spot reclamations do not produce diagnostic exit codes, it is currently not possible to configure retries at the Nextflow level specifically for reclamations. Note that, given the escalating costs of repeated retries, an On-Demand queue is likely a more cost-effective option than very large numbers of retries. If you still see failures after applying configuration like this, solutions involving On-Demand queues are likely to be more effective at limiting costs and runtimes.

#### Handle retries in AWS by setting `aws.batch.maxSpotAttempts`

> If you do not have processes with long runtimes in your workflow (i.e., all processes are under 1 hour runtime), you can consider configuring automatic retries in case of interruption:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all processes in your workflow have runtimes short enough to feasibly complete before reclamation, you can consider configuring automatic retries in case of interruption:
```
